Last thing that we did was creating the
earth with the cloud texture on top of it.
We are going to start from that.
And you can copy and paste the whole
thing into the ar.ts file, if you like.
So, you will have exactly
the same thing and
we will start from there and
create the experience here, cool.
Now, we have exactly the same
thing as we did before.
Number one thing that we are going
to do is have imports of VR button.
VR button is going to do
a lot of stuff for us.
First of all, when we have a VR
experience, we have to start a session and
we always have to ask users permission
before we go into an immersive experience.
We never want to make anyone directly go
into universal experience when they're
not expecting.
So, that is a requirement of the spec API.
We are going to do that.
And VR button nicely does that for us.
I believe it's GSM web VR button.
From expected [LAUGH]
And we have the VR button
edits as an important.
We also have to add it on to our
documents, we append it to our documents.
So, when we can do that
on our image function,
document, body appendchild.
This is the AR button but
I'm going to do a VR, Create button and
then give it a render.
And this requirements is for
Augmented reality, but for
our case, the renderer is just fine.
If we go back to our experience and
refresh it,
we should see the Enter VR button.
Now, the challenging part is
to see it in a VR experience,
because here we won't
be able to go into it.
But if you already
downloaded the extension,
WebXR extension,
then you can try to go into the VR and
move the headset to see around.
Let's see if we are having an issue here.
Okay, I'm going to exit there and
try to run it on my device.
My Android device, I've already
enabled the developer mode and
all I need to do is now
plug it into my computer.
And open up your developer tools.
And now, you can go to remote devices.
If you're not seeing remote devices,
it might be hidden over here, or
you can click on the hamburger menu and
go under more tools and find it here.
So, remote devices are here.
Or you can directly go
into inspect devices and
open up the inspect devices panel.
Right now, I have a browser open.
Chrome browser is open, so
one thing I have to do is add the port
forward then if you already happens.
Currently, our example
is running on port 3000.
So, you have to add both port 3000 and
then the IP address local hosts 3000.
Once you've done that,
you have to just wait for
device portal to find your device.
It should be under remote targets.
Let me refresh.
Here we go, now I have it.
I already have a local host 3000 open, but
if it wasn't you can just copy and
paste it here, and
it will open up a new tab for
you with your code.
And I will share what I'm
seeing, hopefully.
All right, here.
This is another tool that I'm using to be
able to share what I'm seeing on my phone,
and it's called YVWYSOR.
If you are not able to
see things over here,
that's also another option for
you to try out.
Usually, for
these things to work properly,
you have to be on the same network.
Sometimes, you might be using a different
version of the same network, and
you might run into issues.
If you are able to see your device here,
then,
you can click on Inspect, and
this will open up the Inspect.
So, everything that happens here,
you can see the catalogs and
everything that we are doing.
Normally, the button got really,
really small here.
So, I'm gonna press it on my device but
you can actually see that it was pressed.
When I do that,
usually it stops refreshing,
but hopefully we'll be able
to see it on the site.
So, I have a two view.
I have two renders for two different eyes.
So, we are in a VR mode, basically,
but it's a little bit dark.
If you have any thing like a Cardboard,
Google Cardboard, or
Samsung device,
then you can put your phone into it and
then you'll be able to
see the VR experience.
You should be able to see it but
just in case,
what we can do is also check the flags,
Current flags that you have for Chrome.
Are you using Chrome?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
So, you can type in chrome;//flags,
and this will open up your Chrome flags.
And what you can do is enable
anything that's related to WebXR.
So, in my case, WebXR incubations enables.
If it's a default, I would enable it too.
And once we do that,
we have to restart our browser too.
Force WebXR Runtime and
we can keep this as default and relaunch.